it has a mandate to collect all materials created by men as well as women (including diaries, correspondence, and personal collections). According to LIS staff, there is no one method of classifying the materials, but it is suggested that the materials be considered "a part of the broader literature of the world." However, the policy does not specifically ban materials of any gender or sexuality. The policy states that "All libraries should be aware of the possibility of a gender bias" in how books are assigned. LIS policy states:

In the interest of fairness to both men and women, the Librarian's Office and the LIS Archival Program (APS) will ensure that when we consider material created by women, men should not receive any extra consideration compared with women, even if the same work is also submitted in the name of a man.

However, "The Archival Program [APS] is not responsible for assigning a particular treatment of a work to the work submitted under a given individual's name," according to NOC guidelines. Further:

In the APS' view, to consider books submitted under the name of a woman "more carefully than books submitted under the name of a man is consistent with the APS' desire to encourage gender and other diversity in library collections. For this reason, we will be looking to make sure that the work submitted is equally worthy." For this reason, the APs will also be following the guidelines outlined above concerning "how an individual has been represented in any particular volume [of an author's work]."

The Library also has two gender studies centers:

Feminist Theory Centre

Feminist Theory Centre is a centre for feminist and queer studies at the University of Toronto. It provides a space for feminists to gather and engage with one another and with the broader public in conversations about, and analysis of, feminist and social movements and ideologies. For more information please visit:

A Feminist Studies Centre: Gender, Race, and Colonialism at the University of Toronto , by Laura Smith, Feminist Studies Centre, University of Toronto, 2002.

Women in Revolutionary Thought, by Angela Davis, Feminist Studies Centre, University of Toronto, 2002.

As far as the librarians themselves, one might argue that the inclusion of women in the archival library should not be the focus of concern, since the focus of the library is the entire history of the people who created the materials to be studied. But the librarians at the Toronto Public Library are still being asked to examine the role that gender and sexuality have played in their decision-making about assigning books at a time when the question of gender inequality is increasingly being raised both in popular and scholarly debates in academia. Moreover, the role that "gender" has played as a "category" of identity in the study of history has not yet been resolved.


[ Back to Library articles ]

Libraries as Educational Institutions

As the following excerpts demonstrate, libraries are an essential part of the educational process. Their importance is evidenced in an array of ways.

The library contains "the materials, the knowledge, the culture, the practices, all the ways of being" of its readers and users. It creates "a space for critical reflection and interaction—the library is in effect a place of inquiry" (M. E. Johnson, "Learning in a Physical World: The Place of the Library in Higher Education," in The World of Manuscripts, ed. M. E. Johnson, 2002, p. 43).

[Back to Library articles]

Educational Resources

Resources and material are made available by the library to educators, research librarians and researchers to help assist educators, researchers and communities to increase, retain, and improve the effectiveness of the use of their materials. The resources on the Library's website do not necessarily represent all of the materials that exist and can change often or not at all without notice. Additionally, the Library does not always maintain all of the documents on its website. This site is made available to provide a listing of some of the resources and materials that have been made available to researchers, teachers, and librarians of all levels to aid in their work.

Resources & materials for librarians include:

Library Research

The following resources are available as research materials, either as the result of requests made by scholars or librarians, or as part of library research projects:

Searchable Bibliography

The Library's Reference Services have created an online, searchable bibliography with the complete list of the book and article titles found in the public use holdings.

Research Libraries

The following research libraries provide reference services and provide a number of search tools for individuals doing research in the Library. These libraries are available to the public, including teachers, researchers, and librarians. The
