:

The Library is committed to providing fair, accessible access to Library information. The Library must be free from advertising, special interest, and/or discrimination in order to make Library services the means through which it is used by the general public and the Library is committed to providing Library services for the public. Library services are subject to the rules and guidelines of Fair Use and the collection policy of the City of Los Angeles.

The original policy stated, in part:

The Library is required to retain, preserve, and protect relevant public documents related to its operations and the use of the facilities and services that make these materials available freely to the public. The Library can no longer make copies of its public records. Library employees may not copy, copy, record, or distribute any materials, and therefore, use only those documents. All books, programs, or other documents that involve library services, other than any documents listed in the Policy's "General Library Services" section – are deemed and considered by the City of Los Angeles to be non-restricted copies of documents by city law.

So what are the restrictions?

One restriction relates to a general service that is a public benefit but is not prohibited by its general exemption from copyright law. Another is that library employees are not subject to public disclosure laws that protect their intellectual property within any manner that is in effect on the Library in the first place.

A statement from the Chicago Public Library is as far as I can tell (if any) that these three rules are actually the same, and that it was the Library that was not at risk of being held to either legal liability (though in some instances these are legal), government discrimination or otherwise (for example, if the Library was a nonprofit organization then this would actually apply, since the Library is not a nonprofit) etc. I'll leave you with this one statement:

The Chicago Public Library is no longer subject to a general exemption from copyright law (see our "Illinois Copyright Policy").

So, that concludes our collection policy. So, we've taken the decision on an issue that already has been discussed at length – and we're looking forward to a response once we have it – and just with the "good old-fashioned" (the "good old, bad old way") policy that is, of course, the Chicago Library itself.

Will we be happy?

For the past 18 months, the Chicago Board of Trustees has discussed the very real possibility of a constitutional amendment to exempt the Chicago Library from a broader Copyright Act (the "Chicago Intellectual Property Act"). This would allow for "new ways to do business in the area of library licenses with no restrictions," because it would be consistent with the current policy of limiting libraries' use of "creative products" for which they have not previously been licensed.

What this means, if approved, is that this amendment (the "new" "new-style" idea as it appears on the list from the Chicago Board of Trustees) will make library employees, who are still employed by the library, legally protected within no legal way and without a third party seeking to enforce them. This will be much easier than an outright ban, since library employees have little to worry about. In the future, they will be able to "permit" their library to continue to operate, and the new "new" version of the Chicago Act would also protect library employees more from potential litigation, legal fees, and other fees than the "new" version.

One other concern, which I think would be worth mentioning to many of you, is whether this "new-style" idea will work within the City of Los Angeles' copyright system (assuming this amendment passes in the city). For example, for those working in some way outside of Chicago, one could imagine that libraries can't use those types of documents without having some form of restrictions applied for.

One other note, which I've been able to find recently on the Chicago Public Library's website, was that we already had a new law before (at the time the "Chicago Intellectual Property Act" was adopted), where the City was requiring libraries to "work closely" with the Chicago Public Library to make archival materials available to the public. The goal would now be to keep in place their current "permission-only" licenses (and therefore get the ability to "permit" non-restrictions on your own copies, or for any library use in or in library places).

So, while the Chicago Board of Trustees will probably be upset by this legal move, many have been extremely positive about why this kind of arrangement is the best option available to them to help them (and all of us).

And how good is the Chicago Public Library?

This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.

Read the original article

the exhibits displayed were likely produced to enhance his credibility.

Sgt. J. H. Killeen II, Director-Treasurer of Police Service Baltimore, described Huxley's "profoundly significant and commendable leadership role in the criminal justice system."

But the documents presented by the museum indicate that the documents are misleading. As part of the inquiry, officers at the museum were told by the department that Huxley was to be disciplined for his handling of the museum's collection. He would not be fired, said Sgt. Daniel Pfeffer, an investigator for the museum. "His credibility is totally compromised," police officer Robert H. King said.

The records, submitted to the police department on Jan. 10, 2012, say that Huxley was not fired for "exceeding his contractual duties" because he had not complied with the department's standards, saying he was responsible for "the care and upkeep of the collections" of police and government agencies and that some of the items should be transferred to other institutions.

The museum's exhibit of artifacts depicting the Civil War Army's most lethal battle shows a gun, rifle, pistol and ammunition, three rifles used in battles of the Civil War, and a Colt handgun. The weapon is also used by many troopers to fire muskets — the type of rifle used in the Confederate games in which many veterans were killed while battling on American soil.

Huxley died this week at age 88. In a sworn affidavit, Huxley acknowledged that he had been killed with a revolver while in the armed forces on the front lines of the Civil War and acknowledged that he feared he might be killed in some manner.

On Jan. 14, a grand jury said that when he became ill in the summer of 1862, Huxley had made "some ill-will calls" to his superior Captain Robert M. M. Johnson, and that he had not followed his instructions.

Sgt. Killeen of the Police Service testified before a grand jury that Huxley said the first call was that "you are going to have to let the gun go away."

The report, which was sealed and unsealed last week, said Sgt. Huxley's response to the call, "which was very very threatening, as he said in his affidavit, he could not answer and did not respond in good faith" to such calls.

The report also said that Huxley was in no way responsible for the actions and attitudes of his superiors.

In his sworn declaration, Huxley said that Johnson had said that he felt unsafe when he saw him at a party and that he did not understand the officer's actions or the actions of the officers responsible for the actions of the police officers he had sworn to protect. He was later ordered into a mental institution and was placed on probation that included an alcohol assessment that included the possibility of the person who ordered the alcohol order being fired or suspended pending review.

"I am certain this incident did not have a direct impact on Sgt. Johnson's morale," Sgt. Huxley said. "It may have even been the catalyst for his decision to resign from The Police Service in 1876."

Johnson, who served as chief of the Baltimore City Police Commission from 1867 to 1883, served as chairman of the Baltimore County Commission until February, 1863, when he was re-elected mayor. His resignation prompted public ire about his political practices, said John W. Kelleher, a former federal prosecutor who is serving a prison term in Baltimore City. The mayor said Huxley's actions "put Maryland at risk of losing the power of the federal government and that should not change" in a city under law to enforce the death sentence.

In a written statement released last week, Johnson said he "sought to preserve the dignity and the right of every person in a criminal justice system where all persons have a right to life." Huxley's record of disciplinary action against officers, including his dismissal from the National Guard was "unqualified and unworthy of any respect" when he was fired, said Johnson.

Johnson told reporters in Chicago last week that he was in the process of writing a letter to the president on Jan. 27. The letter will be reviewed, he said in interviews.

Kelleher said while his letter was sealed and sealed the day it went public, it could remain sealed for another seven days. The city of Baltimore is the only state that has legalized its own use of the death penalty in an administrative court to avoid the danger of death.

Baltimore's capital has seen more executions since 1876 than most cities. It was the first city in the United States since Washington became one in 1867 to declare a state execution.

The most notorious, most notorious and most controversial execution in American history
