:

The Library is committed to providing fair, accessible access to Library information. The Library must be free from advertising, special interest, and/or discrimination in order to make Library services the means through which it is used by the general public and the Library is committed to providing Library services for the public. Library services are subject to the rules and guidelines of Fair Use and the collection policy of the City of Los Angeles.

The original policy stated, in part:

The Library is required to retain, preserve, and protect relevant public documents related to its operations and the use of the facilities and services that make these materials available freely to the public. The Library can no longer make copies of its public records. Library employees may not copy, copy, record, or distribute any materials, and therefore, use only those documents. All books, programs, or other documents that involve library services, other than any documents listed in the Policy's "General Library Services" section – are deemed and considered by the City of Los Angeles to be non-restricted copies of documents by city law.

So what are the restrictions?

One restriction relates to a general service that is a public benefit but is not prohibited by its general exemption from copyright law. Another is that library employees are not subject to public disclosure laws that protect their intellectual property within any manner that is in effect on the Library in the first place.

A statement from the Chicago Public Library is as far as I can tell (if any) that these three rules are actually the same, and that it was the Library that was not at risk of being held to either legal liability (though in some instances these are legal), government discrimination or otherwise (for example, if the Library was a nonprofit organization then this would actually apply, since the Library is not a nonprofit) etc. I'll leave you with this one statement:

The Chicago Public Library is no longer subject to a general exemption from copyright law (see our "Illinois Copyright Policy").

So, that concludes our collection policy. So, we've taken the decision on an issue that already has been discussed at length – and we're looking forward to a response once we have it – and just with the "good old-fashioned" (the "good old, bad old way") policy that is, of course, the Chicago Library itself.

Will we be happy?

For the past 18 months, the Chicago Board of Trustees has discussed the very real possibility of a constitutional amendment to exempt the Chicago Library from a broader Copyright Act (the "Chicago Intellectual Property Act"). This would allow for "new ways to do business in the area of library licenses with no restrictions," because it would be consistent with the current policy of limiting libraries' use of "creative products" for which they have not previously been licensed.

What this means, if approved, is that this amendment (the "new" "new-style" idea as it appears on the list from the Chicago Board of Trustees) will make library employees, who are still employed by the library, legally protected within no legal way and without a third party seeking to enforce them. This will be much easier than an outright ban, since library employees have little to worry about. In the future, they will be able to "permit" their library to continue to operate, and the new "new" version of the Chicago Act would also protect library employees more from potential litigation, legal fees, and other fees than the "new" version.

One other concern, which I think would be worth mentioning to many of you, is whether this "new-style" idea will work within the City of Los Angeles' copyright system (assuming this amendment passes in the city). For example, for those working in some way outside of Chicago, one could imagine that libraries can't use those types of documents without having some form of restrictions applied for.

One other note, which I've been able to find recently on the Chicago Public Library's website, was that we already had a new law before (at the time the "Chicago Intellectual Property Act" was adopted), where the City was requiring libraries to "work closely" with the Chicago Public Library to make archival materials available to the public. The goal would now be to keep in place their current "permission-only" licenses (and therefore get the ability to "permit" non-restrictions on your own copies, or for any library use in or in library places).

So, while the Chicago Board of Trustees will probably be upset by this legal move, many have been extremely positive about why this kind of arrangement is the best option available to them to help them (and all of us).

And how good is the Chicago Public Library?

This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.

Read the original article
